[IMP] elearning: editing content (#9548)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/elearning.rst

   :align: center
   :alt: Create your content.

.. note::

>    Alternatively, you can also manage your content from the :guilabel:`All Courses` dashboard, by
>    clicking the course's name. Then, select the content you want to manage or click :guilabel:`Add
>    Content` to create new content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Alternatively, you can manage your content from the :guilabel:`All Courses` dashboard: Click the course, then select the content you want to manage, or click :guilabel:`Add Content` to create new content.
```
- To try and avoid using the "you can do xxx *by doing* yyyy" wording and replace it with a more direct approach: to do xxx, do yyy (in this case, I left "you can do xxx" since it works better with "Alternatively, ...")
- From what I tested, you don't need to click the course's *name*, you can click anywhere on the card
- Other corrections are from grammarly (alternatively + also= no, apparently; comma before "or")
